Composability with sparse and quantization compressors (#948)
vllm-project/llm-compressor: examples/sparse_2of4_quantization_fp8/README.md

- Without FP8: `Meta-Llama-3-8B-Instruct-2of4-sparse`
- With FP8: `Meta-Llama-3-8B-Instruct-2of4-W8A8-FP8-Dynamic-Per-Token`

> Save Model on disk without sparse_compression:

Reviewer: Can we update this to be a bit more descriptive and fix the grammar
We should also make this a subheading 
We should also add a note: 

`This will compress the model using the quantization compressor however, instead of using the optimal sparsity compressor, the dense sparsity compressor will be used`

Author: Updated!

- Without FP8: `Meta-Llama-3-8B-Instruct-2of4-sparse`
- With FP8: `Meta-Llama-3-8B-Instruct-2of4-W8A8-FP8-Dynamic-Per-Token`

#### Saving Without Sparse Compression

To save the model on disk without sparse compression:

```python

> model.save_pretrained(save_dir, save_compressed=True, no_sparse_compression=True)

Reviewer 2: In the future, can we rename this to something like `ignore_sparse_compression`?

Author: `disable_sparse_compression`? credits @tlrmchlsmth

Author: Resolving this for now

tokenizer.save_pretrained(save_dir)
```

> > **Note:** This will compress the model using the quantization compressor; however, instead of using the optimal sparsity compressor, the dense sparsity compressor will be used. This affects only how the model is saved on disk and does not change the actual pruning/quantization process.

Reviewer 3: nit:
dense sparsity compressor is a kind of weird/confusing concept and could use some clarification

> > **Note:** This will compress the model using the quantization compressor; however, instead of using the optimal sparsity compressor, the dense sparsity compressor will be used. This affects only how the model is saved on disk and does not change the actual pruning/quantization process.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> **Note:** Saving a model with both the `save_compressed` and `no_sparse_compression` options will compress the model using the quantization compressor; however, instead of using the more disk-efficient sparsity compressor, the dense sparsity compressor will be used. (TODO Why would you want to do this ever). This option only affects how the model is saved on disk and does not affect the actual pruning/quantization process.
```
